long ago the world was full of wonder it
was adventurous there was magic so the
world found a simpler way to get by but
I hope there's a little magic left in
you there dad said to give you this when
you were both over 16
it's a wizard step dad was a wizard your
dad was an accountant
this spell brings him back watch back
way back to life that's not possible
it is with this I'm gonna meet dad
Oh feet
dad have 24 hours to bring the rest of
him back we're going on
[Music]
I think we should take the path apparel
but the expressway is fast enough
fine dad gotta go
[Music]
there could be booby traps
before you cast that spell again you're
gonna have to practice
elbows out feet apart back looks like
the house
[Music]
oh yeah what we need spell that creates
a magical bridge you can walk on if you
believe the bridge is there then it's
there you can do this
[Music]